the great things
look
and many more
I do not know what else would you are looking for
yes no
Yes Yes
m
the next day you're spying on me
and let me tell you that intuya already has you
resentment that at this moment is
dying because of the power that the
pearl of yes with
and girls with medication breaks
it's not long
soon I will have all the pearl
and who was the one who gave me directly
these fragments of the chicon pearl
because it 's extensive to Kim Jong for having him
delivered those fragments to nará cuba has
considerably increased their
powers
but even though you're thinking
Is your spite against me so much?
and me
site
all
fight
yes I suppose if instead of being
protected with your sword you received the
attack of the cutting wind I have also
this man will be better to stay like this
for a while he says that nothing happened to me
to directly receive your attack
jaume
for me on Thursdays with this long
food and medicinal herbs
look at your care while I bring
a little cold water for blood
and many are both seriously injured
without anything stuck to the powerful of
their very bodies
what will happen to us
the snakes that I
and I understand, I'm close
or not
kid
yes
I
urgently I need instead of charging
good
sorry
and I do not know
and it will never be
if you're still alive and I do not know what
relief that what the hell are you plotting is
true that you were the one who handed him
the fragments of the chicón pearl
hateful of nara q I gave them I did
to kill him but why are you
meaning with that to the contrary nara q
he has become more powerful he has created
two spirits more than its essence one is
that predicts who controls the winds and
whoever represents nothing
I understand that women and girls
call here they have their reasons
sure I want you to continue here today
you investigate what plot since that woman
it is not reliable
you wanted to see me dead
and that's why you gave him the fragments
of the pearl of if conan to the q
Do you think I am capable of giving you your
life is disgusting spirit that is not
forget girl we will avenge
our unjust death someday
it is very boring to listen only and not
it's already very weak I'm not even
realized of my presence
I die with the priestess that uncle
kaddur to get in your head
it is capable
and do not get ready because nothing
will increase your powers
Do not let them kill you too far
until one day he manages to destroy the
sea ​​a set with the second pearl
Remember that your life belongs to me
I'm going to give it to anyone else
and I want